hey everybody I'm doing a quick vlog
today something I don't do regularly but
it's for a good reason so firstly just
to get out of the way shadow of Mordor
not going to be doing any more videos on
it of a let's play kind of thing I'm
going to do a first impressions video of
it in the next couple of days but no
more let's play why is this so basically
yesterday when I was making the video
editing rendering uploading on twitter i
noticed a couple of people am stating
some things for instance that they were
getting content ID matched on their
videos fair enough Warner Brothers
they're known to do this and I was kind
of thinking i'll probably be for the
opening cutscene they'll Content ID
match it and i was willing to take the
head it's not too important to me
content ID match and I'm kind of fine
with that and what that means based it
would be that Warner Brothers would then
advertise through my video and they
would Aaron revenue through my video i
wouldn't learn anything from it but i
can still play my video with my own
audio on it and stuff with that so I was
like yeah I'll take the hair will
probably be for the first video for the
first opening cutscene purportedly with
people like see Jim sterling in Mathis
and they've said that that future videos
the episodes two and three and so on
what also content match then it seems to
be the case that throughout the game the
cutscenes have all been put in the
content ID system so it means that men
would get matched also usually that's
not so much of a big deal or I'll bubble
the frost video can I go for a sleep
wake up the next day bright nail in the
morning we'll see what happens I woke up
to Deena found another company called
Nordic screens had Content ID matched my
video wall so now they are from a quick
Google search I friend there a company
and Norway who are basically a
multi-channel network a network on
youtube similar to something like
machinima or polaris or one of those
companies and if content i did my video
was as well as Warner Brothers doing it
now that's not on I'm totally not into
that at all so I'm not going to make any
more videos ana let's play format of
shadow of mordor so it's cancelled
there's a cancel let's play basically
and I wanted to give you all notice to
see that that's what's going to happen
because some of you maybe I've been
excited to see future videos on the game
i will do a first impressions video like
i can a review asked video and the next
couple of days but normal let's play
because that really
on the basis of principle alone I'm not
into the idea of a random company like
Nordic screens claiming my video as
their own property not cool not cool at
all this company have existed for it
less than a month working find is that
the first their first like public
announcement blog or tweet or ever was
like the 10th September that's not cool
not cool at all so not no more videos of
that game nlh play so where do we go
from here well I'm looking at my Steam
library I can never pronounce that word
this is always difficult cuz I roll my
r's nose too many hours in difficult
places so i'm looking through my library
and i'm looking at games that i mate
they fill that void with i want to do a
let's play of a game that's more story
based like say the last one of them was
dark souls 2 and i really loved the dark
souls 2 let's play not that it was
popular at all but i really enjoy doing
it and i want to do another game like
that and i'd like to do it on the basis
of random companies not earning money
for my videos so am i was thinking the
options are and you can all help me in
the comment and tell me what you would
rather see so basically I've got
wasteland 2 which i bought the other day
as well which is definitely tickling my
fancy wasteland 2 or we've got xcom
enemy unknown which I've never played
before and I'm kind of I've been meaning
to play and this would be a good
opportunity to do that and a couple of
people on part two on have suggested
that this is a game I should flee or
possibly one of the fallout games
fallout 3 or new vegas or something who
knows something like that or if you've
got any other suggestions suggest them
in the comments below and I've been
looking to do a more story based let's
play because if not only done anything
like that for a while and I mess it I
like just to sit down and play a game
for a couple of hours and you know
record some videos and then I've got the
cup asset wedge I say that I can then
add it and upload and things it makes it
easier for myself as well as for and for
my own benefits for having fun which is
good but the shadow of mordor faversham
bahasham that had to go down the route
of bureaucracy in with the
content ID system it's just a shame that
even now companies can still take
advantage of that system that it's still
very much nothing you can you can do you
can abuse the system very easily if
you've got the patient is to set
and fell in a couple of forms and
present yourself as a company you could
easily just upload videos and then quit
claim them yourself which is
and I'm not into that at all but just
just to recap totally okay with Warner
Brothers Content ID in the wrong game
because it's their game they can do
whatever the hell they want if that's
their prerogative theater is Nordics
cleans shower of they deserve
nothing they should be stricken from the
records they shouldn't be a late to
operate as a multi-channel network as
basically with it's at so we're so yes
so if you want to suggest some games to
play in the future feel free to do so
below and and yeah and you'll see
abadilla one shadow of mordor kinna
let's play notnot let's play so they are
first impressions video and the next
couple of days and yeah yeah I guess
I'll see you later on